Welcome to my dream journal page.

I've been keeping a regular dream journal since around April 2020. Though, currrently, there's only the dreams I have had in 2021 posted.
It's been difficult to remember all of my dreams, but here you can read some of the ones I've managed to write down.

Many of these dreams have had personal details such as locations, names, and other sensitive info redacted for privacy sake. Some entries have been removed altogether. I try to update this as I have new dreams.

I hope you enjoy, and find them entertaining. You may potentially find some disturbing also.

In the future, I plan to make this more navigatable and compact. For now, I just dumped some text on a page.

--- 

2021.01.17

  Walking down a flight of stairs, a young child ran into me and flew into the air and fell onto the concrete below. Everyone stared at him while he just sat there motionless, and I walked up to him and told them how sorry I was. When he got up, he had aged about ten years, and said "It's okay, you're my brother," to which the crowd staring at both of us cheered and circled around us, picking both him and I up and hoisting us into the air like a cartoon. I then said to the kid, "actually, you're my daughter!" and the crowd and I started laughing manaically, and I yelled "cut!" as if we were on a movie set. 

  I time shifted into a bed, where I was hearing very weird ASMR noises coming from a rectangluar audio device. This was known in my mind to be an art film I was inside of, and eventually all sounds stopped. The dream then faded into black.

2021.01.19

  I was sitting in my dining room with two familliar yet unidentifiable figures sitting adjacent to me on the left and right. In front of me was a bowl of apples, which I then began to cut very precisely. The figures observed me very closely, and the time I took to cut the apples was much longer than it should have been. Eventually the two figures pulled out some kind of headset device, which they placed on my head. I was now in a completely white void, which I knew in the dream to be the key to finding all of the unanswered questions in the world.

2021.01.26

  An unknown entity was driving me somewhere at night, when we arrived at a store. The store was called a "Dragon Store", and all of the merchandise inside was dragon related. There were clerks in the back who handed out various flavours of "dragon ice cream" which had colours and textures similar to marble stone. 

Very specifically, I recall there being a 63 dollar glass with a graphic of a dragon named "Rudolph".

2021.01.28

  I was in a secondlife-like environment, it's difficult to articulate the setting. There was this very long hall that was divided into equal parts which served as a "presentation" for musicians. One of the sectors was my own, FamiTracker was projected onto the wall. I was fumbling with the interface, attempting to prepare my live set. I was dragging the UI around, twisting and bending it in a very bizarre way. 

  I had wandered off in frustration as I could not polish my song properly. As I was walking away, I noticed one of the hallways had lit up and Justin Bieber was on stage with many K-Pop singers. As soon as I realized that my hall was next to them, I panicked and started trying to figure out a way to get back into my own hall to polish my song before the Justin Bieber set ended. 

  I knew that I could not be seen sneaking back into the halls, so I took a very long route around the back to get back into the hall without being seen. It was a pure black structure which had many stairs and slopes and I heard muffled voices talking about a "shadowy figure walking in the stair structure", referring to me. 

  I finally found an opening, which was a large grass field with a large body of beautiful glistening water in the center. I looked to my left and saw bleachers which had two Tamagotchis on them, which was very likely caused by an actual Tamagotchi of mine beeping in real life, which woke me up.

2021.02.03

  An extremely foggy vision of VR environments; [redacted] was present. It felt as if I had groggily woken up in my sleep and put my VR headset on again. Eventually, [redacted] arrived in some form, likely just a presence, not a tangible entity. 

  I time shifted into a streamer's house, I was sitting on their couch, they set up a camera to begin streaming, I wasn't supposed to be seen. I saw a physical three-dimensional countdown before the stream started, and I was devastated to find out that I had been seen on the stream at the very beginning. 

2021.02.14

  A tall, rectangular building caught fire. A smaller white building directly next to it filled wih smoke. I entered the smaller white building to try and get pictures of the situation, however my phone was out of memory. Many different bizzare sounds played for the alarms. Everyone who was evacuating was from my element￼ary school. 

  I mentioned to a friend, [redacted], that I had seen him at the scene of the fire. I recall there being a few of my peers who stayed inside the building and said it was a "goodbye". 

  A dragon boy was flying me in a helicopter. As we landed, I scowered the floor of the cockpit for my belongings. A screen to the right of me read "malloc(sizeof)", and the dragon's father was there. He read it and started asking me questions about programming, but I got up and left before I could even process what they were. 

  The dragon boy took me to his house where his dad eventually came in and asked me how I got into "hydraulic programming". I just told him that a software engineer was teaching me. He told me that was real nice, and then he left before I could respond. The dragon boy yelled "WAIT!" and asked if the restroom was advanced.

Vague memory of [redacted] and her being very tomboyish. 

2021.02.16

  During a programming lesson in C, I learned that assigning an integer to a variable named after a person meant how many times they have clinked drinks in their lifetime.

2021.02.18

  Ended up on a website called "a.   a.   a. a. a. a.    a. a.  a.  a. cult". All the site showed were various pictures of decaying organic matter. 

2021.02.22

  I entered my old elementary school which was doing some kind of play that I knew I was not fully prepared for. I was wearing A shirt and a towel around my waist, carrying the rest of the clothes I was supposed to have on. I was walking next to [redacted] who seemed to be friendly with me at this time. I told him I was going to go find a place to change, so I looked around the school for a changing room. The environment was similar to other dreams I have had of my elementary school. Slightly distorted, yet familiar. 

  While in my search for a changing room, the fire alarm went off, which was an incredibly annoying burden. Everyone was walking outside, and I recall tapping someone on the shoulder telling them to make their way outside. Despite all of this, we actually all ended up in the gym, where the "play" was supposed to take place. I was still not in the proper attire, and I recall asking many people if there was a place I could change. They said there would probably not be many people in the front of the school, so I decided to go there. However, on my way to the side of the gymnasium, there was a very large door which had text on it that said "LEGENDZ". I glanced over at everyone who was lined up and beginning to recite their lines for the play, and quietly snuck out of the gym. 

  I recall the sound becoming more muffled as I closed the door, and was now in a very dim hallway with a lit up room to the right at the very end of the hall. When I made a turn there, I was in a completely familiar place. It was a very large warehouse-like environment with windows allowing a very nice amount of ambient sunlight to light up the room. I had been in this location before with [redacted], I believe. In that dream, we were dodging security cameras for some reason; I can't recall. This time, I was dodging security cameras because I did not want to be seen changing into the clothes for the play. I found a sweet spot area where the camera could not see me, and I began to change into the play clothing. As I was doing this I noticed a cubby full of props and clothing from the show Legendz, and wondered if the characters from that show would show up if I stayed there long enough. 

  After I changed, the entire warehouse location became a train, and people started boarding it. It was very strange, because it was almost as if the entire process of arriving in the warehouse was erased from my memory in the dream and replaced with an actual train ride, because I recall being able to remember a train ride TO the warehouse, not turning through a hallway to get to the warehouse. 

  While on the train I was listening to some weird punk music, though I can barely remember anything besides someone shouting, "hey Gordon Ramsay, pack me another bottle!" as I put a single pill of Vyvanse into my pocket. I knew I was on a train back to my old apartment, so I decided that I did not want to participate in the play after all, and just waited for my stop to come. I remember having a flashback memory to when a cartoon character yelled at me and pressed the stop button on the train at my actual stop, and that is how I remembered where to stop in the current setting.

2021.02.26

  There was a bug in my shower that grew to the size of a very large animal. I wasn't scared because of the bug itself, but rather the fact that I knew it was poisonous. The perspective of the dream became that of a Japanese YouTube video that described different facts and the biology of the bug, complete with flashy text graphics appearing in the frame. They discussed that it was necessary to squish the bug for it to become free of its exoskeleton. 

2021.03.04

  I was in my bathroom; a styrofoam box filled with water housed a small lizard. It was squirming around in there when he suddenly jumped out and fell on the ground. Its tail broke off, and it began to decay into a small insect. I picked it up and felt very sorry for it.

  A time shift placed me in a room with a projector where I was watching YTP Tennis videos that were made by people who cut out all of the parts that were "cringe" in the previous rounds. I can't recall too much about this segment.

  In the same environment, there were many people watching a movie on the same projector, but I had my own laptop where I was randomly skipping through the movie. All I can recall is vague vision of content that was "weird". 

2021.03.07

  In my bedroom, talking to [redacted] on Discord. I asked to call them, and they said "soon". I went to go do an errand and returned to find that I had started a call before I left by accident.

  A time shift occurred, where I was placed inside of a very narrow hallway that housed shops on each side. At the beginning of the hall, there were very seedy and untrustworthy looking people hanging about, so I made my way to the end of the hall where there were less people. The very end of the hallway had a food shop with very bad reviews. The lady behind the counter mentioned that they were looking for employees. I considered it for a moment, before I looked to my left and noticed a bald man walking up stairs that came from a basement. He was wearing a black trenchcoat, and had a very scary demeanor. I instinctively made my way toward the exit as I had a foresight vision of him stabbing everyone. As I was about to exit the hall, surely enough he began a stabbing rampage. I burst through the door and began running very fast, initally in the wrong direction. Many other people were running away as well. 

  Eventually, I got far enough away that the stabber was no longer a concern. There was this person who had my mask that I dropped on the way to the "shop hall". It was filled with cables and wires, and I told him that it was my mask. He was very surprised and apologized profusely for tangling my mask with cables. I told him it was totally okay, and began to walk away.

2021.03.13

guy asks for number
walking around school nostalgia
tamagotchi stuff on a table in the hall
met [redacted]
missed call from japanese guy
forgot password

2021.03.16

  The enviroment was that of the Doom I engine, however it was a first person Pokemon game in which you would beat up trainers after defeating them. While I walked around the overworld, there was dead trainers and blood everywhere (with Doom I graphics, of course). 

  I believe I was flying on a Latios over the ocean with [redacted]. We were looking at holograms of different Pokemon that appeared above the sea. One of these holograms was a distorted blue cylinder, which was revealed to be the unused middle evolution between Sneasel and Weavile. [redacted] was telling me all about this new Beta Pokemon and how it was really funny, to which I agreed. 

  I can reall there being also a green cylinder, but I cannot recall which Pokemon it was associated with, perhaps Sceptile. 

2021.03.20

  I was in my living room on my laptop. I had finished editing a segment for a Scott the Woz video. The rest of this segment is a bit blurry, but I recall Scott, or what I thought was Scott, being very angry with my work, and saying it was not up to par for how long I had to work on it. Everyone was attacking me and my work, and I was trying my best to defend myself. The narrative then shifted to me being too mean to Scott in the video, despite the fact that he had written my lines to be mean. I defended myself by stating that I was just playing a part, and delivering the lines that Scott wrote for me. Unfortunately, nobody was buying it. One user who I believe was impersonating Scott kept writing comments on my YouTube channel about how terrible my segment was on his video, and I felt hopeless. 

  What alleviated that hopelessness was seeing an Asian woman drop off a very large box in front of my house, which I knew was going to be the big Purple Pterosaur plush that I ordered. I got very excited, but before I grabbed the plush, my parents came home with six baklavas. They didn't seem to know what they were though. On the kitchen table was a copy of Pokemon Stadium 2 for the Nintendo 64, however I was able to spot this as a fake just from looking at it. I exclaimed something like "Oh, those bootleggers!" to my father, after tossing the cartridge back onto the table. 

  A time shift occurred. I believe I was now inside of a school, though it's not completely certain to me. I was with some unknown friends, and we were doing a "school tradition" of rolling backwards down flights of stairs. The very end of the stairs led to a fancy looking restroom, to which I got up and heard a knock on the door. A teenager poked his head in and said something along the lines of, "Wow, fancy school you've got here, uh, where do those stairs go?" to which I replied, "Uh, I'm not sure, I know there's like, lockers up there, so I guess it's just the second floor of the school". He didn't respond, and just left.

  I exited the restroom as well, and waiting for me outside were my parents again. We went on a walk down the street, where I noticed two arcades next to each other. It was very sunny outside. I told my father I was going to go inside of the arcade, and that he could meet up with me again later there. When I entered the arcade however, I realized it didn't have a lot going on inside, and the only game I can recall being there was some arcade version of Monster Hunter, as well as a lot of miscellaneous computer parts scattered across different shelves in the store. This environment felt similar to the one with the narrow shops that I dreamed of on 2020.03.07. 

2021.03.21

  [redacted] came back and called me. He asked me vague questions about if I knew certain people or references. I remember pretending to know, so I said "Oh, yeah!", and he began cheering over the phone. I also heard what sounded like a woman on the other end cheering also. Eventually, [redacted] and said unidentified woman were just there in my room watching TV, and [redacted] told me go to downstairs. 

  I went into the old computer room, and noticed that there was a black CRT monitor and a computer in the location we used to keep our old desktop computer. It was nostalgic being in that place again. I powered on the computer but nothing happened, it just went to the Windows 98 splash screen and nothing else. 

  I returned to my room to find that [redacted] had become Linus Sebastian from Linus Tech Tips and was taking apart my computer. The whole camera crew was there and everything. He misspoke and referred to some computer term as a "hand job". Him and I both looked at each other with an expression of trying to hold back laughter, before actually laughing. 

  A time shift occurred and I was in a camp setting around a fire. There were many other people sitting on rocks circling the fire, but none of them stood out in any way to me. There was an older looking man circling the fire and telling us all a bunch of very strict and bizarre camp rules, such as "Everyone must shave their head, but you can wear hats!", "Hold your breath!" and "Sit up completely straight!". He would get very cross with anyone who was not following these specific rules, and he singled out one kid who still had his hair. He was making up many different excuses as to why he hadn't shaved his head. That's when I woke up.

2021.03.22

  I was on what appeared to be a school field trip. My seventh grade class was walking around my neighborhood. I was being disruptive and saying non-sequitur phrases while we were walking. [redacted] was present, and as usual, he was being very avoidant of me. The more non-sequitur phrases I said, the more he seemed to distance himself from me. When we got to the end of a road, there were toddler versions of all of us in the class, but they weren't physical beings, just holograms. 

  I time shifted to my actual elementary school, where a few of my friends were playing on the playground. I found a swing to swing on, but as I put my hands on the chains of the swing, it cut my hands and hurt very badly. I continued to swing despite this. Everyone ran away from me when they saw my bloody hands.

  Another time shift, this time I was inside of the actual school. We as a group were being guided by a teacher who resembled my tenth grade Social Studies teacher, as well as a mentally handicapped child, who was saying similar non-sequitur things as I was earlier in the dream. The halls were very narrow, and covered with paper that had drawings the handicapped child had drawn. One of the girls who was in our group was half Asian and half European. The handicapped kid began singing to this girl about how she looked more European than Asian, for whatever reason. Eventually we came to a big white door that had to be unlocked. I turned around and saw the teacher running down the hall to catch up with us. 

  Again, I time shifted to an unknown place where I had a birds-eye view of two people holding a person by the head and legs, before accidentally dropping them, shouting and running away. My view then changed to that of another person looking at myself, where I was discussing with unknown entities about alcohol, and how I can supposedly chug an entire bottle of rum in fifteen minutes. 

2021.03.23

   I was watching a "baking show" which took place inside of a boxed off area within a location which resembled and felt like my kindergarten classroom, however there were desks. There was a window into the tiny kitchen area where people could watch people cook. Someone I went to highschool with who looked familiar was in there making some kind of food. There was music playing and they were being recorded. 

  I eventually time-shifted and it was now me who was in the kitchen being recorded. My duty was to put chocolate chips inside of brownies, or something like that. Unlike my friend who was baking before me, there was no music playing. I had an entire chocolate bar in my mouth, and I made sure to acknowledge to the audience that I was not eating the chocolate I was supposed to be baking with. My phone was mounted on some kind of machine, and it was recording me. I realized I could pull out a cord that my phone was attatched to, kind of like the spray faucets you sometimes see on sinks. I pulled it out and mounted it in front of the brownies that I was cutting with a knife, but there was something in the way that I couldn't move for some reason. I noticed my phone said 0% charge, which I found interesting. It was still recording me despite this.

  As I was cutting up pieces of brownie and chocolate, I hear someone's ringtone go off. It's [redacted]'s, and it's a happy hardcore song with him screaming lyrics about how My Little Pony is the best thing ever, and what he likes about each specific pony. He got up from his chair and just yelled "UGHHH" while running out of the classroom, music still playing. I didn't pay much attention to this and continued with my work.

  Another time-shift occurred and I was in what aurally felt like one of the rooms Filthy Frank used to film his videos in. Jerma was sitting on a chair and talking. The viewpoint of the dream was that of one of his YouTube videos. He had a cabbage in his hand and he was talking about this experiment he did with it where he soaked the cabbage in some kind of chemical or oil and that it had been left for five months to see what would happen. The outside of the cabbage was a very dark green and looked slimy, however, when he cut it open, it was perfectly fresh on the inside, and he yelled "NO FUCKING WAY". 

  I time-shifted again. I was looking at an HTML document that [redacted] and [redacted] had written, but instead of the usual HTML tags, it was things like "<pie i'm a pie man></pie i'm a pie man>" and other goofy things like that.

  Finally, it ended with me walking into my kitchen to see smoke everywhere. It turns out I had left our water filter device on the stove while it was on. I was desperately trying to get all the smoke to go outside, and I was very worried that the smoke alarms would go off. My dad showed me how to turn them off if they did go off, pointing to one of the buttons on the device.

 2021.03.24

  My being was rendered as a 90's CGI 3D anthropomorphic lizard (potentially crocodile, maybe a vague reptillian creature), sitting in front of a computer. I was talking in [redacted]'s chat about Onision and the aparently very bizzare but well drawn art he made. I remember [redacted] being present in the conversation, but I don't know exactly what he said. I was trying to describe to the chat about how [redacted] was super angry about being circumsised, but I accidentally changed to a different chat when I sent that message. I sent a bunch of messages like "uhh, umm, oh whoops I clicked the wrong chat" to try and explain the context. As this was happening, my lizard avatar was getting visibly flustered and upset and making weird grunting noises. 

  As it turns out, I was in a computer lab with a bunch of other lizard people and they were all looking at me making these weird faces, but they were unable to hear me, so they began speculating about what I could be reacting to. One suggested I was holding a vigil for something in my head(?), and another one stated something like, "No, that face isn't sorrow. It's embarrassment". 

  A time-shift occurred, and the computer I was looking at became Onision's computer, and my viewpoint became that of a camera, as if I was watching a video. I could tell the setting was around the early 2000's. Onision was talking about his computer and all the cool things he had downloaded for it, one of them being ObjectDock. He opened FamiTracker and discovered a song he had made didn't save properly and he lost a lot of his progress. I think he screamed "WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS!!" and went on a rant about how terrible his new software he got is.

2021.03.29

  Very very vague visions of getting a Macbook Air and talking to everyone I knew about it. I also can just barely recall being in a tent of some sort with big screens on the walls where some unknown people were trying to talk to me. 

2021.04.05

  This dream was vaguely narrative. I took a very long bus ride to a street corner with very generic buildings on it. I entered a stairway going underground, and was in this dark industrial looking parking garage with some light shining in. There were oil spills all around the ground, and I was doing a lot of parkour and jumps to manuver the location. 

  I came to a door which turned out to lead into my old elementary school, a location I have been to several times in dreams this year. I was there in present day, not as a kid. It seemed like there were all of my elementary school peers present, but they were also in their current day form. We were told to line up in the hallway, and then find a classroom to sit in. I remember asking people very excitedly that I wanted to go to a specific room. The classroom I ended up sitting down in aurally felt more like a high school classroom. 

  I had a laptop and some notes in front of me, and I was trying very hard to read the projector, but it clicked in my head that I had no idea where I was or how long I had been taking this class. I didn't have a textbook, nor did I know what I was supposed to be doing. I got up from my chair to use the restroom.

  The restroom was very bizarre. It was one that had apparently been recently installed. The floor was carpet, which I thought was a very bad idea. All of the toilets also had urine in them, though it was a very saturated artificial looking yellow color. I left shortly after.

  I remember one of my peers had a costume on made out of paper, it kind of looked like a bird. I had a paper dragon mask, and I put it on and began interacting with that person as if we were in some kind of play. A lot of people had gathered around to watch this.

  When I returned to the classroom, I noticed that my laptop had [redacted] on it, and every kid in the class individually approached me and said "ew" in a monotone voice and expression before sitting back down. I then remember the bell ringing.

  I went outside onto the field, and got a wave of nostalgia for when I was in third grade. Many kids from the school were gathering up here for a "throwing contest". Some people were looking at me funny because I hadn't found a partner to "throw" with. A coach looking man pointed me to some hologram-like panels floating at the edge of the field that had character stats for what looked like a mobile RPG game character.  

  While all of this was happening, I knew that there was some kind of tragedy happening inside of the school, potentially a hostage situation. Nobody else knew about this, and I started to panic that I was going to be guilty for witholding this information from everyone. I ran into the school as fast as I could, my voice echoing inside my own head: "I'm not guilty, nobody will ever know". I began jumping up the levels of the parking garage area with oil, these types of words still playing back. I made it back up to the street, though I was missing my shoes and my jacket. It was very cold, and I begun thinking to myself that I need to "do that take again", as if that was being filmed for something. 

  A miscellaneous memory involved me baking, with one of the ingredients being an amber-colored slime with insects suspended inside of it. 

2021.04.17

  Though much of the surrounding environments and scenarios are foggy, I can clearly remember entering a location from a street where the ground was lower. It resembled a parking lot, and it was rainstorming. There were lots of people gathered around in this area, interestingly at different elevations; water coming up to different parts of their bodies. They all seemed very static, as if they were stuck in position. I seemed to be one of the only people who could move. 

  In front of me was a giant building with white, (and what felt like) bioluminescent light shining down onto the pavement I was standing on. As I looked up at the platforms on top of the building, I noticed a rock being tossed down. I quickly moved out of the way to dodge it from hitting me in the head. I started to panic, thinking I was being attacked, so I ran into the building. 

  Inside of the building-- it looked very industrial. It had an aura that felt like combination of the parking garage I visited on 2021.04.05, and the isolated building I visited on 2021.03.31. There was a line inside of the building, but the people were blurry. I couldn't make out any of the people there, but it didn't matter. A looming sense of dread was cast over me; I felt like I was lining up for something catastrophic. 

  To my right, a person was making some type of food. They handed me whatever it was, and told me I didn't need to pay because I was "poor". A lady in front of me got this food as well, and we began eating it as the line moved forward.

  Eventually we approached this robotic looking door. It opened, and the lady entered. I tried to follow her in, but an invisible force stopped me and communicated wordlessly, "one person at a time". It was at this point that I had processed this room as a sensory deprivation chamber. I remember a thought running past: "Oh no, I'm going to be sick in the chamber!".

  The door closed, but then I heard a loud crunching and concerning sound. All of the lights inside of the building turned off, and any machine that may have been running, stopped. I wormed my way through the faceless crowd as a voice on an intercom talked about a technical difficulty. After this, I cannot recall what happened. 

2021.04.27

Thousand island :flushed:typical

2021.05.05

A vague vision of being inside of a house which I knew was mine, but was nothing like my actual house. The details come poorly to me now. [unfinished]

2021.05.09

  A dream that took place earlier in the night, thus is foggy, was yet another school atmosphere. I can only recall having to write some type of essay about something, and a girl coming up to me with bells in her hands. They crumbled into a strange powder, and she was trying to ask me why this happened.

  After falling back asleep, I had another dream. This one took place in my bedroom at night. I was Ghidorah, and I was in a call with [redacted]. [redacted], but other than that, there's not much else that happened.

  After that, I started walking around my house, still in a call with [redacted]. I recall standing by the front door and looking out the the windows to see a shadowy presence lurking near the door. It felt very ominous and I was quite nervous about it.

  I returned to my room and got into bed, now very sleepy. I was still on a call with [redacted] on my laptop when I realized that the connection was cutting in and out on my laptop. I was trying to fix it, but in the dream I could feel myself being extremely viscerally tired, and unable to function enough to fix the internet. After this, I believe I woke up.

  After falling back asleep a final time, I had a third dream. There was an annoying TikTok rapper in my house rapping some generic song about weed and pussy and was trying to get me to sing along. I didn't know the words so I just kind of mumbled and lip-synced. It was strange because I felt like he was doing the same thing as well. We were walking around my house doing this weird rap battle when suddenly the entire tone changed and we were now in some student film. He fell backwards in slow motion onto my kitchen floor and I, playing a part, yelled "nooooooooo" in slow motion as well as I reached a claw out to try and grab him. It was very melodramatic and stupid, which one would expect from an amateur student film. 

  Everyone who was in this film eventually just abruptly disappeared and I was yet again in a call with [redacted], but this time I was being interrupted constantly by my parents, which was awkward, having to mute all the time. Eventually I just put my phone down and went into my room, where my parents followed me, and started trying to talk to me about something. I can't remember what it was specifically at all, but I do remember it having something to do with my behavior or something like that. I can't quite recall, and I'm not sure I want to. 

  After that, it played out again the last segment with the rapper falling onto the ground in slow motion, but instead this time it was some random person from my school.

2021.05.10

  There were continuous blurry scenes of myself exiting and entering a dimly lit and cramped shop that housed different variants of electronics; mostly old computers like late 90s laptops and computer components. I remember asking to see one of the laptops they had, though I told them it wasn't up to par with my "standards". I shifted over to the right, where I saw a fridge with different drawn magnets of [redacted], drawn in [redacted]'s artstyle. I tried to get over to the fridge so I could retrieve the drawings, but by the time I had approached the fridge, they were all gone. I noticed a large crowd gathered around a volcanic pit in the middle of the store, and they were dangling the drawings in the air, as if to taunt me, before throwing them into the pit. 

  A time shift occurred, and I was located in yet another school setting which was extremely aurally similar to the secondary school I visit often in my dreams, a bizarre non-elucidian structure with very wide open hubs and very narrow and jagged halls. I was simply wandering the halls after hours, when I came to a built in McDonald's near one of the exits. I retrieved food before catching a bus home.

2021.05.14

In the [redacted] Discord server, a user discussed how they didn't understand how a person could like [redacted]. In a rare fit of bravery I openly admitted to liking it, to which that person lost respect for me.

I time shifted into my bedroom where I had a container on my bed housing a medium-sized lizard-- I believe an iguana. [unfinished]

2021.05.25

My only recollection is making attempts to scream and very quiet noises come out. 

2021.07.17

  [redacted] and I were walking around in some kind of city. She handed me "the number 46" and then went to the restroom in some kind of hotel that we went into. She didn't come out for a long time, so I wandered around and ended up in different rooms of the hotel with people talking about their lives as I eavesdropped. I remember being lost from [redacted], I knew she was around somewhere but I couldn't find her.

2021.07.20

  I can recall trying to walk up very narrow stairs with my computer, and being very out of breath. The passage way kept getting more and more narrow until I couldn't fit. 

  I remember also a situation where I learned my cat had to be put down. I cried very strange translucent blobs of a thick fluid as my tears.

---

